Add Inactive NOR section to SOP (#2597)
OBOFoundry/OBOFoundry.github.io: docs/SOP.md

In summary, the designated NOR Reviewer is considered the final arbiter of requirements, and in some cases might have to clarify which suggestions made by other reviewers are required (MUST), which are simply good to do but not required (SHOULD), and which should not be done (MUST NOT).

#### Inactive New Ontology Requests

> In case an open New Ontology Request has not been responded to by the NOR submit for more than 2 months, it is considered inactive. In this case the NOR reviewer should add the following message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an open New Ontology Request has not been responded to by the NOR submitter for more than 2 months, it is considered inactive. In this case the NOR reviewer should add the following message:
```
